README.md, before:

# SIP BLOOMING INDEX

### Build image

`docker build -t quantumobile/sip_tci_ebi .`

### Pull image

`docker pull quantumobile/sip_tci_ebi`

### Push to registry

`docker push quantumobile/sip_tci_ebi`

### Docker run command

```
docker run \
    -e "AOI=POLYGON ((-85.299088 40.339368, -85.332047 40.241477, -85.134979 40.229427, -85.157639 40.34146, -85.299088 40.339368))" \
    -e "START_DATE=2020-07-01" \
    -e "END_DATE=2020-08-01" \
    -e "SENTINEL2_GOOGLE_API_KEY=/input/api-key-retriever.json" \
    -e "SENTINEL2_CACHE=/input/SENTINEL2_CACHE" \
    -e "OUTPUT_FOLDER=/output" \
    -v `pwd`/data/SENTINEL2_CACHE:/input/SENTINEL2_CACHE \
    -v `pwd`/data/api-key-retriever.json:/input/api-key-retriever.json \
    -v `pwd`/data/results/${REQUEST_ID}:/output \
    quantumobile/sip_tci_ebi
```
## How to add model to SIP
____

1. Open Admin page, `localhost:9000/admin/`
2. In AOI block select `Components` and click on `+Add`
    * Add <b>Component name</b>: `Add your name`
    * Add <b>Image</b>: `quantumobile/sip_tci_ebi`
    * Select <b>Sentinel Google API key is required</b>
    * Deselect <b>Whether GPU is needed for a component to run</b>
    * Select <b>Start and end dates are required</b>
3. <b>SAVE</b>
4. Update page with `SIP app` <i>(localhost:3000)</i>
5. Select `Area` or `Field` on the map and save it
6. Drop-down menu on your `Area` or `Field` -> `View reports`
7. `Create new`
8. In `Select layers` choose your component, add additional params like <i>Year</i>, <i>Date range</i> and so on
9. `Save changes`

Commit message:

Added model description to README

README.md, after:

# SIP BLOOMING INDEX
### Model description
Calculates the intensity of white blooms, such as trees with white flowers, white flowers, etc. The model is useful for pollination tasks and can help track the annual flowering cycle.

### Build image

`docker build -t quantumobile/sip_tci_ebi .`

### Pull image

`docker pull quantumobile/sip_tci_ebi`

### Push to registry

`docker push quantumobile/sip_tci_ebi`

### Docker run command

```
docker run \
    -e "AOI=POLYGON ((-85.299088 40.339368, -85.332047 40.241477, -85.134979 40.229427, -85.157639 40.34146, -85.299088 40.339368))" \
    -e "START_DATE=2020-07-01" \
    -e "END_DATE=2020-08-01" \
    -e "SENTINEL2_GOOGLE_API_KEY=/input/api-key-retriever.json" \
    -e "SENTINEL2_CACHE=/input/SENTINEL2_CACHE" \
    -e "OUTPUT_FOLDER=/output" \
    -v `pwd`/data/SENTINEL2_CACHE:/input/SENTINEL2_CACHE \
    -v `pwd`/data/api-key-retriever.json:/input/api-key-retriever.json \
    -v `pwd`/data/results/${REQUEST_ID}:/output \
    quantumobile/sip_tci_ebi
```
## How to add model to SIP
____

1. Open Admin page, `localhost:9000/admin/`
2. In AOI block select `Components` and click on `+Add`
    * Add <b>Component name</b>: `Add your name`
    * Add <b>Image</b>: `quantumobile/sip_tci_ebi`
    * Select <b>Sentinel Google API key is required</b>
    * Deselect <b>Whether GPU is needed for a component to run</b>
    * Select <b>Start and end dates are required</b>
3. <b>SAVE</b>
4. Update page with `SIP app` <i>(localhost:3000)</i>
5. Select `Area` or `Field` on the map and save it
6. Drop-down menu on your `Area` or `Field` -> `View reports`
7. `Create new`
8. In `Select layers` choose your component, add additional params like <i>Year</i>, <i>Date range</i> and so on
9. `Save changes`
